Kirin is allergic to flowers
He also brought flowers
You want to kill him
I don't know.
Of course it rains.
Why should you care about him?
It's your only one, not a blessing
How do you care about other men in front of you?
He's my father.
As a resigned family doctor
What's wrong with him?
Who will pay me?
Xiaoyu, anyway, here's to you wearing a drink and drinking with your sister
Who are you two?
Just keep your distance
Why don't you ask me for a divorce?
Sister, thank you for taking care of Brother Linchuan today.
That's what I would ask.
Never mind the situation
Brother Linchuan asked me to thank you for the glass of wine
I was a part of his heart.
Is that okay?
Gu Shao is going to meet a lot of people today
Take care of my sister, don't worry.
Xiaoyue, I see you are tired too, my parents are resting
In fact, I will make you a real woman today